Flatten artifacts on load (#84)
brooklyn-data/dbt_artifacts: README.md

3. Run `dbt deps`.

> ## Generating the source table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uploading the artifacts
```

> This package requires that the source data exists in Snowflake. There are two supported ways of doing this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package uploads the artifact files into Snowflake. There are two supported ways of doing this:
```

- The _V2_ way of doing this which flattens the uploaded files on load. This supports files over
  16MB (the limit of a variant field in snowflake) and also makes rebuilds of the materialised
  models much faster because the JSON unpacking is done once on load. The downside of this approach
  is that the upload is much heavier and more complex, as such we only directly support the
  _"local file"_ method. Loading via cloud storage is also _possible_ but we recommend users
  copy the method used in `upload_artifacts_v2.sql` to create their own approach.
- The _V1_ or _legacy_ option, which uploads the files unprocessed. This affords much more flexibility

>   in their use, but the is subject to field size limits and higher compute loads to reprocess the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in their use, but is subject to field size limits and higher compute loads to reprocess the
```

  large JSON payloads in future. This may be appropriate for more custom setups or for small projects
  but for large projects which aren't extending the functionality of the package significantly, we
  recommend the _V2_ method.

### Option 1: Loading local files [V1 & V2]
Snowflake makes it possible to load local files into your warehouse. We've included a number of macros to assist with this. This method can be used by both dbt Cloud users, and users of other orchestration tools.

1. To initially create these tables, execute `dbt run-operation create_artifact_resources`
   ([source](macros/create_artifact_resources.sql)). This will create a stage and a set of tables in
   the `{{ target.database }}.dbt_artifacts` schema — you can override the database, schema and table
   names using the variables listed in the Installation section, above.

2. Add [operations](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/hooks-operations/#operations)
   to your production run to load files into your table.
   
   **V2 Macro**: Use the `upload_artifacts_v2` macro ([source](macros/upload_artifacts.sql)). You only

>    need to run the macro after `run`, `test`, `seed` or `build` operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   need to run the macro after `build`, `snapshot`, `run`, `test`, `seed` or `build` operations.
```

~~The new approach means we just support the build command automatically right?~~ Can we just remove this filter now that we're filtering by resource type in each model? https://github.com/brooklyn-data/dbt_artifacts/blob/main/models/staging/stg_dbt__run_results.sql#L20

Author: Yep.... and you put `build` in the list twice 🤣
